(1) - The first module.
This modul work with creating libraries of words and save them on disk.
1 -- Class for searching translation of word and return List<String> of tranlations (probably less then 5 translations)
2 -- Class for spiking with user and take from user words.
3 -- Class for saving information about user and his libraries.
4 -- Class for creating libraries and save words and wright libraries on disk(here we need some logic about statys of 
library, for example -> learned, or in proces, or ready to memorise).

(2) - The second module.
This modul can modify users libraries and show for user content from library
1 -- Class for reading users filesystem and thearching saved libraries (probably info abount names of library will save 
in *.txt file, this file will contain only names of libraries)
2 -- Class for showing for user content from his library.
3 -- Class for modifying libraries(for example user will can choose delete word and translation, or change only translation
of same word or change word and translation)
4 -- Class for spiking with user and take from user words and some commands.

(3)- The third module.
This module work with momerising words, user chooses library wich he wonts to memorise and learn words.
1 -- Class for spiking with user, asking him abount wich library he wont to memorise, takes from user info.
2 -- Class with memorise logic(for example showing users english word and asking of translation, if he will does mistake, 
program promt him where he did mistake)
3 -- Class for change library statys(this meens that class can remember with word user memorise, and wich not, and if 
user wont in the future beck to memorise this library, need to ask him abount how he wont to continious, form begin or from 
place where he stoped)

(4) -- The fouth module.
This module can menage another moduls, he can stop any proces, and save user progress, this main module for spik with user.
1 -- ClassStarter of program.
2 -- Class for checking user status, if user wont to stop memorising or stop to wright word for memorise.
